#
# Z -> Mu Mu fit  
#
#     name                   value    error        min       max     free/fixed (optional)
#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
par  YieldZMuMu              9000.0     10            0    1000000     free 
par  EfficiencyTk               0.98     0.001        0          1     free 
par  EfficiencySa               0.97     0.001        0          1     free 
par  EfficiencyIso              0.97     0.001        0          1     free 
par  YieldBkgZMuTk            100.0      1            0    1000000     free 
par  YieldBkgZMuSa              2.0      1            0    1000000     free 
par  YieldBkgZMuMuNotIso        2.0      1            0    1000000     free 
par  LambdaZMuMu               0.0     0.001     -1        0           free 
par  Mass                      91.19     0.1         70        110     free 
par  Gamma                      2.50     1            1         10     free 
par  PhotonFactorZMuMu          0.0      0.001        0        100     fixed
par  InterferenceFactorZMuMu    0.0      0.001       -100      100     fixed 
par  MeanZMuMu                  0.0      0.1         -0.5        0.5   fixed 
par  SigmaZMuMu                 7.0      1            0         10     free 
par  SigmaZMuSa                 7.0      1            2         20     free 
par  SigmaZMuMuNotIso           7.0      1            2         20     free 
par  Lambda                    -0.01     0.001     -100          0     free 
par  A0                         1.0      0.1          0          2     fixed 
par  A1                         0.0      1       -10000      10000     free
par  A2                         0.0      1        -1000       1000     free
migrad 
print_all
